# My Website 

### I made a brow booking website for my eyebrow threading business. I chose this for my project because in making this, I gain 2 benefits: I can complete this assignment while also creating a webiste for my business.

### The first of my 5 pages is a "home" tab. Thiis is simply where people will be directed to when they click on the webiste. It is very simple, as this is not the main page. This page will just have my logo and a brief welcome message. The main functionality of the website is through the other pages, which people can navigate to using the navigation bar. The second page is an "about me" page where I talk a little bit about myself. I put the years of experience I have with eyebrow threading to establish my credability in this space. I also included personal interests of mine outside of eyebrow threading so people can learn more about me as a person and connect with me more on that level. The third page is my services page. Here, I listed the different services I offer along with their prices. I also added the payment methods I accept (cash or Venmo). The fourth page is a "portfolio" page, where people can see embedded posts from my instragram account. My main online brand promotion takes place on instagram, so I felt this was a good feature to include in the website. This gives clients a chance to see some of my work (and click on my instagram link to see even more of my work)! In the fifth and final page, I included a bookings page. This is where clients are instructed on how to book an appointment and are directed to my instragram page, where I book via direct messaging. The clients can message me what services they would like to book for & we can find a time to confirm a bookings appointment. 
